#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements-dev.in
#

annotated-types==0.6.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
anyio==4.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
autoflake==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
black[jupyter]==23.12.1
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
category-encoders==2.6.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
cfgv==3.4.0
    # via pre-commit
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
coverage[toml]==7.4.0
    # via pytest-cov
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.8
    # via virtualenv
dnspython==2.4.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   email-validator
email-validator==2.1.0.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi[all]==0.109.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via virtualenv
flake8==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   httpx
httptools==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
httpx==0.26.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
identify==2.5.33
    # via pre-commit
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.28.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyterlab
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.20.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
isort==5.13.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
itsdangerous==2.1.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
joblib==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.10
    # via notebook
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mypy==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   mypy
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.14.0
    # via
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.8
    # via ipykernel
nodeenv==1.8.0
    # via pre-commit
notebook==7.0.6
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
orjson==3.9.10
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   black
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
patsy==0.5.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
    #   statsmodels
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.3.0
    # via pytest
pre-commit==3.3.3
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.7
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycodestyle==2.11.1
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.5.3
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   pydantic-extra-types
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.14.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic
pydantic-extra-types==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
pydantic-settings==2.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
pyflakes==3.1.0
    # via
    #   autoflake
    #   flake8
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
pytest==7.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements-dev.in
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-mock
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
pytest-mock==3.12.0
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.6
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pre-commit
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.5.1
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.4.1
    # via qtconsole
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
requests==2.31.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.16.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
scipy==1.11.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
    #   scikit-learn
    #   statsmodels
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.35.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
statsmodels==0.14.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   category-encoders
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenize-rt==5.2.0
    # via black
toml==0.10.2
    # via -r requirements-dev.in
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   qtconsole
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
    #   mypy
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   pandas
ujson==5.9.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.25.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   fastapi
uvloop==0.19.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
virtualenv==20.25.0
    # via pre-commit
watchfiles==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==12.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements.txt
    #   -r requirements.txt
    #   uvicorn
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
